 Nothing to report today. Just typing this one.  - Is 35 when the running body starts parking in. There must be a finite number of runs/sessions in everyone.  - Want to work for myself  - Got X-ray on both heels today.  - 5 mile run - quite easy (mostly on grass)   - Maybe I should become a morning person So I'm ready for Gold Coast marathon  - Just under 20 weeks until CG Marathon  - Should I get a 9ht Gen iPad with cellular?  - I should find a way to protect my current Apple Pencil (protect the crack and also at as a grip  - Set on Helicon chair is Henson Park with Sarah as I wrote this post.  - Session felt OK - 10 mind, 3. 1, 3, 1 (2 min standing recovery at Tempe Recreation Reserve. 10 mind was almost 2 laps.  - Got Argon CG1 handlebar grips from Mafioso today. They feel really good. They were out of stock of the Vela Orange Crazy Bars  Got X-ray results today - says there is no definite Handgun’s bump on either side.  - Ordered Raspberry Pi Zero Kit today - does it come with camera module?  - Someone left a strange note on a napkin on our cage door today - it said "nice rods. I'll take them this week. Thanks :)” guessing they're referring to the fishing rods?  - Hot weather today. Was hot on my run.  - Left big toe nail falling off from Melbourne Marathon in Alphabets last December.  - Lost all my open Safari tabs on the Mac Mini. Need to stop keeping so many tabs open.  - Did woodworking class this evening  - Went to doctor to get results from ultrasound scan on both Achilles. Left Achilles is OK but it says there is some tendinitis in right Achilles and a small amount of fluid in the recalcitrance bursa.  - Saw Tom do Canto today. - He said I have Handguns just on the right heel.  - Not a typical case - not much of a bone deformity.  - Don't need surgery yet. That's a last resort.  - He recommends:  - New Balance 880 (not 1080)  - Adidas Boston  - Nike Romero  - Nike Structure  - Tod:  - Decide about job  - Should I ask for X-ray on both heels to compare them.  - Not a great sleep last night, felt tired today.  - Felt OK or run though  - Is my right Achilles/heel just tendinitis?  - Used Voltaire gel on right heel last night and again this morning. Then again in afternoon.  - Got referral for X-rays on both heels  Writing a blog using paper might be the way forward when sitting outside in Sydney in January. The iPad just shut down as it got too hot.  Edit: I kind of cheated here as I actually wrote this post inside on my computer. Just testing out the platform.  Tuesday 18ht January 2022  - Still feeling a bit blocked up from OVID.  - Slight crunchy feeling/clicking sound when I rub right Achilles over where it attaches to the ankle bone.  - Leaving buckets outside which had collected rain water was a mistake - mosquito larvae was in there and kept getting bitten by mosquito while trying to sleep last night.  - Still have lump on right Achilles, sometimes clicks when I move it.  - Still got a runny nose from OVID.  - Achilles stiffness not too bad when I got up out of bed to walk  - Swelling a bit down? Not sure   - Swelling on lower outside of right heel not too bad  - No real pain during the 45 minute run.  - Some very minor discomfort afterwards - maybe a slight burning feeling.  Had some problem uploading my 2 page post yesterday. So trying this upload as a test.  its AI server.  Bump on lower right Achilles feels OK today - not too big.  - Good appointment - informative - He said it's not a Haglund's  - He suggested these exercises (N.B. focus on big toe on these exercises. Push through big toe but keep knuckle of the toe down).  - Voltaire gel doesn't work for many things but can work for this.  - Just a little bit of ice - not too much pressure as this could irritate it. A cube is enough.  - He Said it seems to be more in the typical portion of the tendon (i.e. a bit higher up)   - Not got results yet - will get them soon  - $150 but get $95 Medicare rebate  - Lump on right Achilles heel feels OK today not too big.   - Right Achilles lump feels OK - maybe getting better.  Warm today. Got up early and joined Green way park run. Didn't run it though - did my own session.  Right Achilles/heel feels OK but left one is quite tight.  Sunday 30 January 2022 - Richard Windy back didn't suggest I should get orthodontics but I'm wondering whether I should get them. See Tom do Canto for a second opinion.  Monday 31st January 2022  - Did an easy 40 min run even though the plan said rest. It wasn't super easy of it was very hot. this is the second file
 Got X-ray results today - says there is no definite Handgun’s bump on either side. 